Update Firefox 141 release notes for WebDriver conforming changes (#40375)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/141/index.md

<!-- #### Removals -->

### WebDriver conformance (WebDriver BiDi, Marionette)

#### General

- Removed the temporary `remote.system-access-check.enabled` preference. This preference can no longer be used to disable system access checks when using WebDriver in Firefox's chrome scope during testing. ([Firefox bug 1955007](https://bugzil.la/1955007))

#### WebDriver BiDi

- Added support for the "proxy" argument of the `browser.createUserContext` command. This allows clients to setup either a "direct" or "manual" proxy when creating a user context (ie Firefox Container). Support for additional proxy types will be added later on. ([Firefox bug 1967653](https://bugzil.la/1967653))

> - Implemented a new event `browsingContext.historyUpdated` which is emitted when using `history.pushState`, `history.replaceState` or `document.open`. ([Firefox bug 1906051](https://bugzil.la/1906051))

Reviewer: We probably should make it clear that those are functions as called within the context of a web page. So maybe the following?

```suggestion
- Implemented the new `browsingContext.historyUpdated` event which is emitted when `history.pushState()`, `history.replaceState()` or `document.open()` is called within the context of a web page. ([Firefox bug 1906051](https://bugzil.la/1906051))
```

Author: I think that's a bit superfluous but sure.

- Improved the error message shown when attempting to permanently install an unpacked, unsigned web extension. ([Firefox bug 1958723](https://bugzil.la/1958723))
- Updated the `browsingContext.navigate` and `browsingContext.reload` commands to wait for the `browsingContext.navigationCommitted` event when using the "wait" condition "none". ([Firefox bug 1967469](https://bugzil.la/1967469))
- Updated the WebDriver BiDi cookie APIs to support "default" value in "sameSite" property to address recent changes in platform API which wouldn't allow anymore to set a cookie with "sameSite=None" and "secure=false" on HTTP pages. ([Firefox bug 1971488](https://bugzil.la/1971488))

#### Marionette

> - To avoid unnecessary 200ms delays for each call to `WebDriver:ElementClick` - even when no navigation occurrs - we lowered the click-and-wait timeout for a potential navigation to 50ms for backward compatibility. The timeout is now also configurable and can be completely disabled by users through a [preference](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/testing/marionette/Prefs.html#marionette-navigate-after-click-enabled). ([Firefox bug 1972271](https://bugzil.la/1972271))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To avoid unnecessary 200ms delays for each call to `WebDriver:ElementClick` - even when no navigation occurrs - we lowered the click-and-wait timeout for a potential navigation to 50ms for backward compatibility. The [timeout is now also configurable](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/testing/marionette/Prefs.html#marionette-navigate-after-click-timeout) and [can be completely disabled](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/testing/marionette/Prefs.html#marionette-navigate-after-click-enabled) by users through a preference ([Firefox bug 1972271](https://bugzil.la/1972271)).
```
